NuGardt ESL Wire Plugin Match Reminder v1.0.0.0
-----------------------------------------------
Author: Kevin 'OomJan' Gardthausen
Last Update: 16.01.2012

The match reminder is a plugin for ESL Wire (http://www.esl.eu/wire).

This plugin lets your manage reminders for your upcoming matches. Never forget a match while you are actually sitting at your PC and forgetting the time while watching streams for instance.

Notifications can be shown in game (through ESL Wire when supported), via a balloon popup on the taskbar and voice announcement (Text-To-Speech).

Set multiple notification before a match start, set different options for each notification.

Want more stuff in this plugin? Message me with your suggestions or do it your self. This plugin is open source. Written in Visual Basic.net. Source codes available on code.google.com/TBD (GNU GPL v2 License).


Format place holders
--------------------
 * $gameid$
 * The ESL game identifier
 * Example: "687" (for StarCraft II)

 * $gametitle$
 * The title of the game
 * Example: "StarCraft II"

 * $id$
 * The ESL match identifier

 * $leaguecountry$
 * The country region of the match
 * Example: "eu" (for Europe), "de" (For Germany)

 * $leagueid$
 * The ESL league identifier

 * $leaguename$
 * The name of the league
 * Example: "StarCraft II 1on1 Amateur Series"

 * $mode$
 * The play mode
 * Example: "player"

 * $name$
 * The name of the match
 * Example: "vs. OomJan"

 * $time$
 * The time when the match starts

 * $uri$
 * The link to the match
 * Example: "http://www.esl.eu"

 * $timeremaining$
 * The time remaining till the match starts
 * Example: "1 day 14 hours 37 minutes 2 seconds"


Support
-------
E-mail: kevin@nugardt.com


License
-------
GNU GPL v2
Please see COPYING.txt for details.